Add weekend styling option (#182)
mikaelmello/inquire: CHANGELOG.md

- Add strict clippy lints to improve code consistency and readability.
- Expand workflow clippy task to lint all-features in workspace.
- Add docs badge to readme.

> - Add date select option to apply style to weekend days [#182](https://github.com/mikaelmello/inquire/pull/182).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Breaking**. Enabled by default, added date select option to apply style to weekend days [#182](https://github.com/mikaelmello/inquire/pull/182).
```
